hundred
labs
were
on
a
mission
to
end
veteran
unemployment
veterans
have
higher
rates
of
underemployment
than
our
peers
we
also
have
higher
rates
of
mental
health
issues
substance
abuse
incarceration
homelessness
and
suicide
hire
labs
we
totally
get
it
and
we're
here
to
help
my
name
is
a
really
kendrick
i'm
an
air
force
veteran
i
served
for
six
years
with
two
tours
to
iraq
and
kuwait
when
i
got
out
the
military
i
got
around
twenty
thirteen
and
i
immediately
went
to
the
academy
of
art
where
i
start
studying
at
thirty
animation
vfx
i
helped
produce
two
call
of
duty
titles
call
of
duty
very
hard
in
call
of
duty
modern
warfare
three
when
i
went
into
gaming
and
actually
got
exposed
to
the
jason
file
it
clearly
showed
me
a
path
that
i
would
need
to
know
take
side
that's
what
led
me
to
higher
laps
just
kind
of
get
more
education
and
more
knowledge
we
provide
professionally
written
resumes
and
we
tailor
those
resumes
to
jobs
that
we
help
find
using
our
keyword
analysis
that
we
built
in-house
techs
generative
ai
and
a
team
of
professional
resume
writers
my
name
is
siddique
with
smith
and
i've
been
engaging
with
higher
lab
that
since
september
of
twenties
twenty
four
i
was
a
little
bit
skeptical
at
first
about
taking
advantage
of
the
resume
writing
but
what
they
sent
his
head
and
shoulders
above
anything
that
i've
done
in
recent
years
for
any
veteran
who
is
interested
in
coding
or
just
needs
a
little
bit
of
assistance
but
trying
to
get
back
into
the
job
market
or
just
looking
for
employment
we
also
operate
free
coding
bootcamp
for
veterans
that's
intended
for
beginners
we
demystify
co
take
people
from
zero
to
build
a
fully
functional
web
apps
just
six
weeks
with
no
experience
required
and
no
math
needed
you
can
read
and
write
emails
you
can
go
hired
labs
we
believe
in
bedrooms
we're
here
to
support
their
successful
transition
to
fulfilling
successful
careers
in
the
world